---
category: misc
---

Finally! I now have a blog to call my own, i'm a little late to the party but as they say, better late than never. I have had the intentions of getting a blog up for the last few years now (look how long I have had the domain name registered!) but it's been busy times. I went through various designs and various thoughts of what I actually want the blog to be for. I finally decided to keep it simple and use it as a place for me to document my thoughts as well as a place where I can store all the tips, tricks and musings as a go along.

The reason for wanting a blog in the first place I guess is to have a place to share my thoughts and a place to store the things a find useful as well as things I learn as I build sites. Hopefully other people will find this as useful as I do but who knows, this site is primarily for me to store information I find useful and share my thoughts but if other people find it useful all the better really.

Anyway, i'm Lee, I am a Front End Developer, UI Developer, Interface Developer etc... i'm not that big on titles so lets just say I build websites. I currently work as a full time contractor for a large data company and take on freelance as well as a multitude of personal projects(this being one). You can also find me here at PHZ3. This is my company name(supposed to be phase 3, I know but I needed a name when I started contracting!)

I am extremely passionate about what I do and some would say a little obsessive. Apart from my work I have a small family, I am married and have an 8 year old daughter who are both demanding ladies, so I lam a little outnumbered and little scared sometimes(thank god for my work!).

So please feel free to get in touch, or say hi on my social media(they are a little sparse i'm afraid as again I have not had much time lately and not too much to say, this will hopefully change now I have my blog, yay).

Oh, a little about how this site is built.

I decided to keep it simple and currently it is just a static site hosted with Github pages. I use the following tools for most of my work including this blog.

-Sublime text for editing
-Swig for my templating
-Sass for css
-Small amount of raw Javascript
-gulp for my build tool
-Casperjs for end to end testing
-All built on my trusty Mac mini

There are outstanding tasks for this site but it's a work in progress so please be kind. If you find any problems please feel free to contact me at [me@phz3.net](mailto:me@phz3.net).

Lee